

Dear Eliza, 
It took me forever to develop things, but that is the project I have been talking about. I have a blog on digital embodiment and whatever comes to my mind. It still lives under my main domain and needs work and mobile version, but it exists.
I was thinking about inviting you to be my guest and to talk about digital feminist practices in the format of this blog. Would you be interested? I even have a budget for this project, so we can do things very businesslike and use hourly rates to discuss work and life. 
Looking forward to hear from you, 
Greetings from The Hague, 
Karina 


Karina! 
Amazing! Yes of course I'd be happy to take part assuming the timing of things works out :) I'll be in canada for a few weeks so not so available until after the new year. When were you thinking? And also if you have any other details about what you want to talk about and stuff :) But yes totally into it!! 
yay! 
Eliza 


Eliza! 
In fact, I am a year behind with the whole thing. Guess that is how things develop when you try to have a pet project next to a master, next to freelance work. What is realistic to do now for me is to plan how this blog exists in 2019 and to have fun instead of freaking out. I am super glad you are interested!!! My suggestion would be to talk in January. I have an idea in mind, considering that we both code. Noncrazy version: just a chat between us turned into a blog post. Crazy version building  a generator of something... 
Let's keep in touch 
Greetings from Amsterdam, 
Karina 


Hi! It's been ages – you've been travelling, then I went on vacation, and also finished my ma thesis in-between all this. Also, I had a meeting about my budget for this stuff and guess what... I have travel funds in case I want to do something outside NL or invite contributors. Which made my brain spin in the direction of going to paris to chat about code and embodiment while eating dessert and making a log of it on the web. Tour-de-food and discussing tech combined. Would you be still up for something like that? If yes, let's pick up this thread and make something fun. 
Best best, 
Karina 


Karina! 
How funny to get your email, I'd been thinking about you :) A tour de food sounds amazing. Stuffing our bodies while talking about embodiment. I love it. Funnily enough I've been gravitating toward ar/vr motion capture/sound making things lately. I've got myself a leap motion tracker and a kinect and have been dabbling in unity and having loads of fun. It's all a bit of a jumble code wise, but in my head it's really fun and interesting.  
When were you thinking? 
yay! 
Eliza 

Eliza! 
How interesting that you work with motion and sound. I am very curious to see what are you experimenting on. Maybe it will make sense to spend this time with each other and tech we want to try. I have been looking into voice assistants and text generators, probably there is an intersection of that. I was thinking it makes sense to plan 'the programme' really well so we sort of have all the workshop materials and also know how we are going to archive or document it in a way which is useful for us both. Would estimate a month for this and plan 'tour de food' mid April. 
What do you think? 
I was thinking about starting something like a collective folder for ideas and links, I use both are.na and dropbox, but maybe you have a better suggestion. 
Best best, 
Karina 


Hey! 
What about end of April? Maybe the week / weekend of the 22 28 
work for you ? Monday, Saturday and Sunday I'd have off. Things 
would likely be closed on the 22nd as it's easter but the weekend of the 27 28 
could make for a good tour de food. What do you think ? 


Hey! No pressure – I think the best is to try to not to place expectations on each other. I am also working on my graduation which is a completely different project, so let's catch up when we can. I think 26-28 will work great – it's a holiday in the Netherlands and normally I just sit at home and don't go to any crowded events with people dressed in orange. 

Sounds a bit counterproductive to start with the tickets, but I've seen airplane tickets for the price of a bus, what do you think about 
one day in between 26 and 29? I think it works best if I just buy tickets with a good cancellation policy and then we figure out 
everything else.
 
Air travel prices already escalated lol :) and i know about booking with a vpn etc. But anyway, I bought bus tickets! Decided that if something happens and we are not making it it's safer to go with the cheapest option. I arrive Friday 26th in the afternoon and leave monday 29th Morning, so we can still choose if we work on saturday or sunday. 

 
Hey, I disappeared because I miscalculated a deadline for one project and basically had to design a book in a few days otherwise it would not make it to the printer :p lol. Working towards better project management with this one! 
I will add things on arena and sketch some stuff over the weekend 
Yessss, 
Karina 

No worries! Same i have a million things going on but I’ll also set asside some time this weekend and add some ideas. I saw your book explorations go by on instagram! What was your book about? 

Hey! Finally, I am assembling my thoughts into a channel :) I was looking into a few things and subjects and decided to write it down. First of all, I think it might make sense to not only talk but try to test or build a very quick prototype of something in these couple of days. I am very interested in voicebased 
interfaces and objects which talk. I have added the video and the website of lyrebird – that's really intriguing tech, you build your 'vocal avatar' and can use it in different applications. 

 
I think the idea of talking to objects and objects talking to us and this idea somehow working together with beautiful desserts gets my brain going. I found this Bluetooth glove somehow representing everything I had in mind and really liked the simplicity of execution and how it works with our gestures. I would like to think of some storytelling hardware, which enters our conversations as we go for a coffee me, you, the environment of a cafe and a piece of hardware as our collaborator. It makes me think that stories are food for the soul, so it kinda assembles itself as a metaphor that we sit together and feed our bodies and souls too, counting hardware as something with soul. I like such a spiritual mood. Makes me think of all voiceguided meditation apps. The simple idea is just to sit all together with two of us and like five selfhelp chatbots and see where the conversation goes. To add more critical spin, I was reading about crash test dummies and how they are developed to represent the average male and 
how such design puts women at risk. This is really farfetched but would be cool to try to think of some piece of technology which can enable women (or shorter men) to test things. This can be pretty much just a thought experiment /conversation. Now more practical things – I have been playing with generating text, and just published a short exercise. Now, the book! The book I had to send to print was for a client, but actually, the second collaboration in this project is a also book.
I invited her into my work and we have been exchanging research methods and collecting content to make a book together. I think it's such a nice contrast between our skills and I am so lucky to collaborate with you and her. You should meet each other! I think it's a bit too ambitious to aim for an event now, but I am also testing my organising abilities. So maybe at some point I am making a 
conference :) We actually aim to send the book to the printer in about a week, so for me it will be a great change to go from print to hardware 
Let me know what you think about all this, 
and 
again 
no rush! everyone has to breathe out 

Woot 
So many amazing ideas! It got my mind whirling in the direction of Machine Learning/NLP/Sentiment analysis, since objects listening. Could be fun. But so far I haven't landed on anything I could see myself properly implementing. I'm super into the idea of voicebased interfaces/objects which talk though. I've never actually tackled hardware and the whole IOT thing, so could be fun to try and build something together, like you said! You're spiritual mood is also right up my alley. I like to play with the idea of pseudo sentience, the aura of thetechnological object a lot, in my mind. I'm not sure how to actually transcribe that into a thing/topic yet but I'll let it ruminate for a bit. Because the cross over between meditation app vibe & human get together/feeding of the sould accompanied by technology is kinda fun. Also because I feel like some tech has become totally invisible, like we forget it's there at this point, but perhaps a random self built 
technology object would somehow feel more intrusive at first, especially if it makes sounds/communicates with us. How "human"/natural could we make the interaction feel, etc. I hadn't heard about the crash test dummy thing! But I'm not surprised. Let me think about that a bit, and see what my mind conjures 
up. To cross that idea with your interest in voicebased interfaces, UAL has been doing some interesting theory work on the whole Google Alexa/Home bot thing under their Feminist Internet initiative. They're basically inquiring about gendered AI. Could be interesting to look at. I've added a link about it to Arena :) But I'm into the building for sure. I really love the idea of a workshop and tour de food. Amazing. So so much fun. I'm looking very much forward to it. 

 
Oh wow I just reread that it's all a bit jumbled isn't it, sorry, ha! Got excited and just started typing... Next emails will be a bit clearer! 
Dust of excitement is still settling :) 

Oh no, don't apologize for not structuring the emails properly. I am quite messy in my notetaking and I just wanted to throw in some thoughts. First of all, I specifically looked into my stuff without looking at what you are making. I think sometimes this curatorial approach where you first look at what your partner is making to pick up something you like or find close is a bit limiting. Like 'you are into so many things but I find this particular one cool so let's work with that'. So I just have to tell that I think programmable visual experiments of yours are amazing and I am not ignoring these :) 
I looked into the documentation of the feminist internet workshop and the bots they produced feel less human than Eliza (that one is a creation of a genius, of course). But that is not the point of the workshop to make credible bots. I looked into the software they used to prototype the Alexa chats. You can have a 14day 
trial, and I think this can be a fun way to talk/prototype a story/collaborate long distance. Would you be up to try it with me? It looks like it's just software, you don't need Alexa. It can be a way of working for us, to take trials of a few things which we find curious. I think there is something interesting with AFINN111, the list of words which are positive or negative. I attach it. Something in this system is very aesthetically pleasing. As a graphic designer who likes organised structures, I find this thing delightful. Thinking of using this list as a counterpoint to all kind of spiritual auralike things, because it is so rational (sane) and all the mood things 
are...uhmmm moody and therefore not serious. I think feminist work is in trying to get rid of the rationalistic approach of serious vs moody. There is a big potential for making jokes here. Makes me think of Knuth's complexity of songs, where he trolls the entire field of music and culture :D I am not sure if I am correct here, but also how crazy it is that one man came up with a list which feeds into a lot of sense analyzing tech. Makes me think a lot about how such rational structures are not treating senses as any serious type of input. I pretty much oppose it, but i fall for the visuals. And yet i want to develop this work around eating cake. Haha. Controversies. Love it. Just a crazy thought: someone should use this list to make a bot or a translation service which presents every news as pleasant. Some kind of utopian news channel. I think I would like to try to analyze a few texts with it. 

I actually really appreciate that you didn't base what you thought we could do off what I've done to date. I'm truly into the idea of seeing where it all goes, and it's giving me a chance to dabble in peripheral interests that I've not found the opportunity to explore so far :) and I'm super happy you like my stuff too of course. I'm always super impressed with your projects and your outlook and 
commentary in general. 
Funny that you mention Eliza, that was my first ever little coder experiment. I guess it felt appropriate. I made a twitter bot in "my" image using what I think is the original rogerian psychotherapist script. As far as NPM goes at least. I've been meaning to update it with my own twist for ages, but time and all that. All this work with bots and things we're getting into might spawn some new ideas 
for how to reboot that very dusty old project though. Just peeked at invocable, I'm super down! Did you have a specific idea in mind about how you'd like to do it? Like we train some skills each and the other interacts with it? Or we both train on the same one? Could be fun to train on the same one actually, then it 
would become this amalgamation of us both. But I'm up for either. Or a totally different idea altogether that you might have. 


So for the idea of a voicebased interfaces, I wonder if there's a way for it to listen to us? I think I remember you mentioning objects that listen, that's what set me off on the sentiment analysis path. I was curious about the idea of our dessert exploration being guided by a "voice" and then our responses to it being analyzed after or something. But maybe that's too many directions to run in at 
once, to many things to try to build. I'm curious to unpack what you said about feminism. To be honest any conversations I've had the last few years with ppl about the topic here have left me mega confused! I don't know what to think about any of it anymore, it all always feels like ppl think it's this super heavy thing. Serious vs moody vs emotional (which I guess is moody) but that's the main thing that ppl are scared of here I find. That if they even start a dialogue about feminist anything they'll be seen as brash and emotional. 

Oh wow, it's been a week and it feels like it's been a month! 
I will pick up from here. 
I had the same conversation about what collaboration actually is, over and over. I am currently finishing my other collaboration, which has to go to print soon and we have been talking about the same – how we can produce something which has both of us but  is something else... I am beginning to realise that I am interested in a way of working where you theorise a lot and then spend some 
time with each other to exchange working methods and then make something super quick to sort of cement the experience and then to continue working on your own stuff but with this experience. What I find very useful that I am gaining a lot from not working but just observing a variety of things together with another person. Another person who isn't your friend in a classical sense of friendship. I think building some kind of 'set' to hang out with another professional is something I am implementing more and more. I think this confusion also comes from the vague mess which is the 'creative field' itself where often collaboration is used to actually commission someone but pay them less. This kind of hidden conditions and agendas make no distinction between curating, collaborating and commissioning someone to do the work for you. Ambiguity is good to a certain degree, but also it leads to a lot of moments when you get trapped. 
With less than five years of experience of being 'out in the wild' as a professional , it is very confusing and only now I am beginning to pause and ask how things actually work. 

We can research how and where bots exist now (because it changes so so so fast!) and some more contextual things: how it would look like? Would it have own hardware? etc 

If the bot is some kind of version of you, where would you like it to exist? And also how to help it to develop its own personality? You are not aiming to build a complete digital replica of yourself, so what would be the tweak...  I wanted to develop a bot for some time, but never actually got to do it. It turns out now I am super busy with connecting to actual humans (just counted, I have five collabs at the moment all at a different stage) but also using my coding skills and the idea of scripts to do so. 



I am thinking of somehow involving tech as our third dinner guest. There is this app which is like a therapist/life coach bot. I have been using it for a week and got annoyed by its requests. What is really funny that it has a male voice. So we can both download it and take it with us to a 'professional' dinner as someone pleasant and nice to entertain us and to cheer us up. Like wives at lunch with colleagues, but gender roles reversed. Still, I think there is something more to it than just bringing an app to the table. Both of us take physical activities seriously – you are  preparing for the yoga exam and I was training to take an aikido exam. Not anymore – I fell on my lower back and have to take some time off practice to recover. The exam is in a week, there is no way I am making it. I can walk, but I am still limping. There is something very essential in our ability to move no digital processes can replace, and the fear of losing mobility is strong. Also, there 
is a strong need to get fit physically and mentally to perform under certain conditions, and I would say that the fear of being not fit is also very real. 

Maybe we could think more in that direction and work on some piece which also involves movement. And dessert afterwards! Thinking of mobility/immobility, stability/imbalance and something along the lines. I'd say getting fit and mobility are some subjects which are big in my work and are present in many projects. 

Yeah, feminism... I think the most general understanding is everything that makes bros feel threatened. The thought that a nonbro can have more agency at some point must be terrifying. It is a dirty word in a surprising amount of situations. I have suggested a typeface made by a fellow student for one project I have been working on with a guy and mentioned that I have a student discount.  This type of designer gives a discount for feminist projects, and the guy's comment was 'cool, we have an even bigger discount than  feminists'...Where does this comment come from? 

I am fascinated with hookup apps and the worst part of it that I actually approach it as a research method as well. The thing is, I do  field research and pick up quite a lot from casual conversations. Some guys write 'feminist' in their profiles. I always notice it and  think wow you think that you accepting the idea that all genders have equal rights is so cool that it's worth mentioning? Lol. I also  have a lot of conversations about my body hair. The moment the man decides to go into ‘men write erotica' mode, I always let them know that  if they consider having sex with me they should know I do not shave my legs. It leads to all kind of discussions about bodily autonomy. What is interesting that men who are not ok with it call me a feminist. 

I have a very simple view of it myself. I don't do work about feminism, but I do feminist work just because the way bros operate is not my style. But of course the discussions I have look at the subject from all sorts of angles... 


had a look at invocable and I think there is no way to 'play' it as an actual conversation. Will ask support but I think you actually 
have to have alexa. Whew, that looked promising 


Also a shame about the invocable though! I was really into that idea. What you said about collaboration makes me really happy though, as I'm still figuring out what it means myself, and have always struggled with how to do it 'properly'... as far as I can tell it  always depends on the person(s) you're collaborating with. But I think the most important things I've seen come from collaborations  have always been the lessons learned in the process of trying to fuse two people's ideas and ways of working together, or even just  comparing notes on process. I've had a few conversations with musician friends who've done EP's with other artists who we really  into the idea in theory, but then when it came down to it, they felt they'd had to compromise who they were for the project and ended 
up pretty dissatisfied. So I really like you're take on it, the idea of talking more than making, but making a bit of a thing to see what  ideas the overlaps between both collaborators might seed for us in our own future work. I really think this is a smart and super open  ended way to go about meeting minds.  About what you said re the vague mess that is the creative field girl,  preach. I have gone to great lengths and pains trying to  reverse engineer that mess from so many different angles to understand how things work. But I've kind of accepted it's impossible 
because it's anyone's game really. You're right about ambiguity and the danger of working for free under the guise of it being a  "collaboration". It's definitely something to be weary of. For me, I've finally accepted that I don't like to rush through projects. Some  people it seems get a kick out of the pressure but I definitely do not for a time I thought it was the only way, but thank god, it's not. 
I kind of love the idea of tweaking the original rogerian psychotherapist script to somehow reflect the current youthspeak and wokeculture that exists, maybe also poke fun at influencer culture. Have you seen the new KFC campaign? (yes, I'm taking about the chicken) Don't know how much of instagram culture you follow, but they did a rif on Lil Miquela & co. and came out with a CGI Curnel Sanders, 
who's posts contain such perfect influencer copy that it''s hard to work out if they're mocking that crowd or trying to be real. There's something about the line not being clear that I think works well with the intent of the original Eliza AI. Also my friends we're saying it could be fun if I created some kind of abstract 3D avatar thingy.  Going to download Youper today and start playing with it. I love the idea. Also about the physical/digital I  find the more I delve into  all things digital, the more time I spend expressing my creativity through computers, the more important it is for me to feel like I'm moving my body, tuning into it. I also had an operation on my feet in my early twenties that left me unable to walk properly for 2 months, so I totally get your struggle and the fears. In contrast to that too though, when I practice too much yoga, it hurts my body  which hurts my mind which makes it hard to concentrate and work and use the digital tools I have to create fun things. So it's all definitely connected. One can't replace the other, no way. But there's a balance in both camps to be had. And the of course food, 
feed your body, feed your mind. Anything that's active imagination related I find fascinating. But yea, all of this bot stuff, machine's speaking, fortune telling, tarot deck stuff feels like it overlaps. Though I wouldn't be able to succinctly weave it all together just yet. But I find it really interesting. 

Ok I just wrote a bucket load, so I'm going to stop here but we clearly have so much to talk about, looking very much forward to you getting here! I do like you're suggestions of breakdown of the days too.  Btw, what was the cooking thing you were doing the other day on insta? 



I am very very puzzled by Instagram, especially the meme accounts. People seem to build some kind of virtual empires there. What fascinates me the most is the vagueness which is in this whole things of getting followers/social influence and somehow transforming these into money. Some are buying houses, some are selling their old clothes on depop, some are asking to venmo  them for mental healthcare... Honestly, when I approach this my analytical thinking just completely gives up. I just scroll and think omg this is a circus and how is this possible. I think lil miquela has a very good copywriter (or ghostwriter?). Her captions sound very human, and they manage to inject here 'robotic past' here and there to make the character more endearing. Also, how did they do it that a successful instagram has like 500 words caption texts? This is a shift i somehow ignored. What happened that an imageharing network now has influencers who literally write volumes of captions? I have also noticed that quite a few instagram influencers publish a book after they get famous. So I can imagine this as a way of book production... as a writer i have to get a grip on this. 
I'd love to ghostwrite for an instagram influencer. Weird thought but okay. 

 I see a lot of project which use it various ways. I'd leave mysticism out for a bit, maybe because for me influencers have more mysticism/mystery.  I think it makes sense to work on Eliza and to just walk through all the issues of creating a fictional identity, being yourself, 'woke' etc. 


I love our long emails so much haha I almost want to scrape them and turn them into some kind of scripted person. A combination of all our ideas smooshed into a digital personality/pov or something. Tangent idea that just popped into my head now, but could be  fun to think about.  Speaking of, and actually maybe the reason I thought of it (sometimes I like to play with the idea that I actually understand how all  the random dots in my head connect heh) I started using Youper and realized it's exactly the same as this other thing, called Replika. Do you know it? the story behind it is wild.This woman lost her best friend and reconstituted the guy in ai form based on their text message exchange throughout their friendships. It was suuuper accurate apparently. The woman who did it found a lot of peace in being able to "talk" to him every day after his death... but basically she then turned the idea into this chat bot that learns all about you and is suppose to become your best friend.  Much like you noted with Youper though, the questions and prompts get annoying fast haha... but this stuff is so wild I find. 
Also I was watching this great semi dated talk today by this Galaxy Kate about procedural generation it's pretty gamingcentricnerdy  but if you're curious I bring it up because she references Tarot in her  talk as being tile-based generative content for games and I'd never really thought of it that much but I kind of love it because generative is constrained randomness, which is sort of the ethos of our deciding to meet up and see what happens, which teeters on the "mystical" (big big huge air quotes there ofc -- also slight tangent, but I'm way into the idea of the mystical influencer > actual mysticism as a topic to explore. totally agree with you.) And then I remembered too that I have a third deck (that moment when you 
realise maybe you're more into a thing that you thought...) called the Pixel Spirit Deck  and it's a tarot deck but aslo a Shader library (don't know if you know about shaders but in a nutshell it's the dark magic of the gaming industry from a engineering pov, it's the language people use to create graphics on the GPU. It's an interesting take on combining the cards and creating with them that harkens back to what Galaxy Kate suggested. 


Virtual influencers/bot influencers - I am also flabergasted by the whole thing. I have this sort of voyeur relationship with it like I don't  get it to the degree that I can't look away. Lil Miquela doesn't exist and yet mega fashion brands send 'her' clothes all the time to be  digitially re-rendered on her. Can you imagine? I have other friends with huge followings making no money, and others again with 
smaller followings making total bank. I think instagram is what the internet was back when fashion blogging became a thing, right at the beginning when brands started scrambling to figure it all out and just through money in every direction. Who ever is there to catch it at the right time I guess, wins? Somehow? The perfected written captions though when it's under real humans whoring  themselves off to brands in the spirit of the #hustle, it's all very black mirror to me. Too shiny of a veneer to be believable. But I think because Lil Miquela is fully 3D and not a human being fake-perfect, but just a 3d modeled human with captions modeled as human in the same way, people are more like... curious/into/comfortable with it/can relate to it. Funnily enough, in paralel to that the other 
day a friend of mine released this 3d rendered interactive natural creature thing online that you basically create yourself by moving a render of your hand across the screen, and one of the comments was along the lines of "When we create something, we care for it. Imagine how connected you would be to the micro.pets you gave virtual life to. If we could experience the creation of nature, would we care more about how we treat the world around us?" I find this so so so ironic. We have an easier time relating to digital things than the world around us/need to interact with simulations of our world to be called back to it... Sorry this has turned into a tangent I think. 

 I saw rain in the forecast for this weekend but that may change. Bring layers! 

Ok so my stream of thoughts following the last two days are as follows: Karina and I have been spending this past weekend mapping out the thoughts and ideas we've been discussing throughout these emails over the last few weeks, to see how to combine all the pieces into a something more tangible. Or at least the blueprint of an synthesised idea that can be made tangible. But digitally tangible, or actually I guess not tangible at all since the idea we stumbled onto is more about transforming bits and pieces into other bits and pieces that influence each other, and create this final product as it were, which is an emotive blob creature thing that can live on instagram as this weird digital entity thing. Doesn't sound like much on paper but thankfully the blob is digital and audio reactive. We've been using a script to merge our emails into some kind of alternate ego that represents us both. The script grabs bits and pieces at random and strings them together. I had made a twitter bot years ago just to understand how they work, and since my name is Eliza it felt fitting to build one that mimics the original Rogerian psychotherapist script that Joseph Weizenbaum made in the 60s. I've wanted to reboot that project for a while, find a way to make it feel more of this era, and play off pop culture currents because they're wild and fun and always kind of extreme when they play out online. So digital identities. And digital bodies, and what do they look like and sound like. So we have this blob idea. We did a sort of mind map too, to situate ourselves at the very beginning of this adventure, using a tarot deck built by this really intense artist, around ideas that include  the history of the internet, the rise of Web 2.0 and increased intelligence gathering, and implications for the future of new systems of societal manipulation towards a control society. I've really enjoyed seeing how all the pieces tie together. Fun too to see how all the dust we kicked up in the many complicated and complex ideas have settled into a pretty straightforward creative process. Combine text, splice it out into snippets for the captions, analyse the captions and rate them in terms of tone and meaning and use the scores to dictate color temperatures and reactivity parameters of the blob. Put it all together (eventually) and possible post it online. And of course since we're talking about bodies, and combining things why not too add an element of food. Everyone's got to eat and we've been working hard. So we went out for breakfast this morning and ordered a bunch of different sweet and savoury things which is one of my favourite combos. Karina seemed more new to it. Had never had eggs with pancakes! I had a this weird but tasty black rice porridge thing with eggs and bacon on the side and the most bitter coffee ever. Feeding our physical bodies so we have the stamina to give birth to our digital idea. 


Ok I'm going to do a voice recording here and I'm outside of the cafe and I left my jacket and it’s hold and so it holds. I decided to do it anyway. We want to see that much but we went to turn off heating. Content is being fed to scripts and the content the scripts make for us is being fed to another scripts. How can I use this generation to create this kind of Personality? It's not possible for a human to be viral and soon Understanding Machine and we try to let. Alliance to our bodies in the way so we had ourselves before going to see the other hand. Free credit history and it was a lot of different things. Where do where do artificial fertilisers and how we can use this generation to create this kind of Personality It's not possible for a human to be viral and still processing. We have created this error creating this contents producing machine and we try to let it to our bodies in the way so we found ourselves living before going to see  on the other hand and what's a compilation of different things.


The figure calls for no special description the face is rather dark, suggesting also courage, but somewhat lethargic in tendency. The bull’s head should be noted as a recurrent symbol on the throne. The sign of this suit is represented throughout as engraved or blazoned with the pentagram, typifying the correspondence of the four elements in human nature and that by which they may be governed. In many old Tarot packs this suit stood for current coin, money, deniers. I have not invented the substitution of pentacles and I have no special cause to sustain in respect of the alternative. But the consensus of divinatory meanings is on the side of some change, because the cards do not happen to deal especially with questions of money.Divinatory meanings of the RWS King of PentaclesValour, realizing intelligence, business and normal intellectual aptitude, sometimes mathematical gifts and attainments of this kind; success in these paths.

The character described by this card is therefore exceeding complex yet admirably well-knit; but its dangers are indicated by the symbols of Luna and the bird. In the happiest cases, the qualities thus indicated will be romance and imagination; but overweening ambition, the pursuit of Ignis Fatuns, superstition, and the tendency to waste time in idle dreaming, are perils all too frequently found in such sons of the soil. Thomas Hardy has painted many admirable portraits of the type. Ill-starred indeed and black with bile are those who have profaned the Sacred Fire, not enkindling Earth to new, more copious, more varied life, but peering in deceptive moonlight, turning their faces from their mother Earth. 


The Yod on the cube has the same meaning as on the other Kings.Time periodFrom beginning of the last decanate of Sagittarius to end of second decanate of Capricorn, from December 12th to January 10th. This period combines the rulerships of the Sun, Saturn and Venus.Well-dignifiedA dark man, friendly to Querent, practical, steady, reliable. Good at practical application. Things prosper and increase under his direction. Slow to anger, but furious when aroused.Ill-dignifiedSelfish, animal, material. Has great power of solidifying all evil forces directed against the projects of the Querent; but is nevertheless somewhat stupid.AppearanceDark hair and dark eyes.

Very often the ‘reversed’ meanings are nothing else but the expression of the lack of the quality given as ‘right.’ But this scarcely seems worth taking into account, because all qualities, which are not indicated are wanting, and moreover there are cards which decidedly indicate vices, as will be shown. The King is the higher octave of the ace, and this particular king heads the cross of fixed signs, so has to do with economy, agriculture, art, vast business, devotional service of the church. The general effect of this card must consequently be to afford protection, and as it shows a very favourable attitude on the part of superiors or influential people, though these will be rather young, or at least, not very old. There is above all noblesse in this card, integrity, honesty above all doubt, nor is anything in it which can be turned to evil, were it thrice reversed. The only sort of faults that could be observed in people coming under it would be pride coupled with some vanity, love of pomp, gambling. The Leo-type will naturally dominate the card. Here is a man whom you must go to see and visit, because he will never come to you. He has a widespread influence, which is for the good of everybody who wishes to profit by it, and against which it is hopeless to contend. The card means further everything in the way of sanction, agreement, consent, etc., and gives success in love-affairs and marriage.CONCLUSIONNoble, good and honest man; generally of influential position, central power, honourable intentions, whom you may trust, but whom you cannot counteract successfully; whom you must go out to meet and whom you must not expect to come and visit you. May be banker, speculator, gambler, commander, general or manager. Benefic influence, wealth, luxury, good cheer. In weak cases vanity, pride. Success in mechanics and machinery.

The Prince of Wands is the Great Beast himself, Aleister Crowley. In the Charioteer’s hand is the Phoenix Wand of the Adeptus Minor Ritual. Timing – making predictions  

He is shewn as if upon a journey, armed with a short wand, and although mailed is not on a warlike errand. He is passing mounds or pyramids. The motion of the horse is a key to the character of its rider, and suggests the precipitate mood, or things connected therewith.Departure, absence, flight, emigration. A dark young man, friendly. Change of residence. Additional meaning: A bad card; according to some readings, alienation.ReversedRupture, division, interruption, discord. Additional Meanings: For a woman, marriage, but probably frustrated.Book of ThothJust, but always feels that justice is not to be attained in the intellectual world. His character is intensely noble and generous. He may be an extravagant boaster, while slyly laughing both at the object of his boast and at himself for making it. He is romantic, especially in matters of history and tradition, to the point of folly, and may engineer “stunts” or play elaborate practical jokes. He might select some inoffensive nobody, and pursue him for years with every weapon of ridicule) as Swift tormented the unhappy Partridge, all without the least animus, ready to give the shirt off his back, should his victim be in need. His sense of humour is omnivorous, and may make him a mysterious figure, dreaded without reason by people who actually know nothing about him but his name-as a symbol of Terror. This is due to the influence of the last decan of Cancer upon this card. One of his greatest faults is pride; meanness and pettiness of any kind he holds in infinite scorn. His courage is fanatically strong, and his endurance indefatigable. He is always fighting against odds, and always wins in the long-the very long-run. This is principally due to his enormous capacity for work, which he exercises for its own sake, “without lust of result”; perhaps his haughty contempt for the world at large-which however coexists with profound and ecstatic respect for “every man and every woman” as “a star”-is responsible for this.When this card is badly dignified, the character degenerates. Each of the qualities mentioned above is found in its antithesis. There is great cruelty in him, partly sadistic and partly due to callousness arising from indifference-and, in a sense, laziness! So too he may be intolerant, prejudiced and idle-principally because it saves trouble. He may furthermore be an empty boaster and a great coward. The Prince of Wands is a strong, impetuous, sometimes violent young man.

The workings of Air by a special and mighty agent — for this the knight is in all cases — on the houses of water, here the Fourth and the Twelfth, causes turbulence, motion, emotion (though it must be borne in mind, that it is not emotion in itself); the action of the air on the water causes waves. In the case of the fourth house the knight relates to family matters or household conditions, eventually the father, to internal conditions in society or groups of people. It must further relate to memories and the past in general, because it means the awakening of the sentiments. The traditional conclusions have been drawn evidently in the negative for the greater part, in consideration of the fact that the sentiments generally are misleading. That they give reason for many changes is quite true. In the case of the twelfth house this is much the same. But extending its result over a much larger circle, the mercurial knight may represent expedition and exploration, discovery, scientific or practical, emigration, estrangement, and the ‘great work’ of transmigration. It denotes a searching for the unknown, which in weak personal cases may appear as indiscretion or premature revelation, divulgation, profanation, etc. We do not see why this knight should be either young or friendly. Quite the reverse: On account of the twelfth house there is something inimical about him, and a certain dissension of sentiment may find its cause in the past, in a family feud or something in the nature of a misguiding prejudice, tradition, which will have to be given up, etc.

A representative of the father, or of the family, a relative; a man visiting the house bringing new and perhaps disturbing influences into it, disturbing domestic happiness; changes in the home, house or family; memories awakened, divulgation of family secrets or private matters; an intruder in the home. A man of doubtful though not necessarily bad character. (From the twelfth house): An investigator, occultist, explorer, sailor, traveller on the high seas, wanderer, a guide through strange experiences, vagrant Bohemian type, stranger and sometimes enemy or some one with whom the querent does not agree and from whom he will be estranged, however earnest his endeavours to keep friendly, because he speaks either morally or physically a foreign tongue. Translation, export, departure, change of residence, emigration, flight, absence, rupture, etc. Transmutation. Disturbing influences and people in general, which need not be bad in itself, and may even cause a revolution in thought. It brings unrest in any case.

The ankh in the triangle symbolizes the union of positive and negative forces, and corresponds to the letter Vau in IHVH. The card represents the influence of the world of ideas upon the astral body, and also the idea of the astral body in the archetypal world.

An active, generous, impetuous, quick-moving man, younger than the King of Wands. Secretive, probably interested in the occult, somewhat psychic and mysterious. Friendly to the Querent, and may bring him news relating to his enterprises.Ill-dignifiedHe will be evil-minded, false, cruel, bigoted, brutal, unfriendly to the Querent and dangerous to his affairs.AppearanceYellow, or yellow-auburn hair. Blue-gray eyes. This key sometimes signifies departure, or change of residence.

The moral qualities appropriate to this figure are swiftness and strength. But he is sometimes inclined to act on impulse; sometimes easily led by external influences; sometimes, especially in trifles, a prey to indecision. He is often violent, especially in the expression of an opinion, but he does not necessarily hold the opinion about which he is so emphatic. He states a vigorous proposition for the sake of stating it. He is in fact very slow to make up his mind thoroughly on any subject, but always sees both sides of every question. He is essentially just, but always feels that justice is not to be attained in the intellectual world. His character is intensely noble and generous. He may be an extravagant boaster, while slyly laughing both at the object of his boast and at himself for making it. He is romantic, especially in matters of history and tradition, to the point of folly, and may engineer “stunts” or play elaborate practical jokes. He might select some inoffensive nobody, and pursue him for years with every weapon of ridicule) as Swift tormented the unhappy Partridge, all without the least animus, ready to give the shirt off his back, should his victim be in need. His sense of humour is omnivorous, and may make him a mysterious figure, dreaded without reason by people who actually know nothing about him but his name-as a symbol of Terror. This is due to the influence of the last decan of Cancer upon this card. One of his greatest faults is pride; meanness and pettiness of any kind he holds in infinite scorn. His courage is fanatically strong, and his endurance indefatigable. He is always fighting against odds, and always wins in the long-the very long-run. This is principally due to his enormous capacity for work, which he exercises for its own sake, “without lust of result”; perhaps his haughty contempt for the world at large-which however coexists with profound and ecstatic respect for “every man and every woman” as “a star”-is responsible for this.When this card is badly dignified, the character degenerates. Each of the qualities mentioned above is found in its antithesis. There is great cruelty in him, partly sadistic and partly due to callousness arising from indifference-and, in a sense, laziness! So too he may be intolerant, prejudiced and idle-principally because it saves trouble. He may furthermore be an empty boaster and a great coward.The Prince of Wands is a strong, impetuous, sometimes violent young man.

The workings of Air by a special and mighty agent — for this the knight is in all cases — on the houses of water, here the Fourth and the Twelfth, causes turbulence, motion, emotion (though it must be borne in mind, that it is not emotion in itself); the action of the air on the water causes waves. In the case of the fourth house the knight relates to family matters or household conditions, eventually the father, to internal conditions in society or groups of people. It must further relate to memories and the past in general, because it means the awakening of the sentiments. The traditional conclusions have been drawn evidently in the negative for the greater part, in consideration of the fact that the sentiments generally are misleading. That they give reason for many changes is quite true. In the case of the twelfth house this is much the same. But extending its result over a much larger circle, the mercurial knight may represent expedition and exploration, discovery, scientific or practical, emigration, estrangement, and the ‘great work’ of transmigration. It denotes a searching for the unknown, which in weak personal cases may appear as indiscretion or premature revelation, divulgation, profanation, etc. We do not see why this knight should be either young or friendly. Quite the reverse: On account of the twelfth house there is something inimical about him, and a certain dissension of sentiment may find its cause in the past, in a family feud or something in the nature of a misguiding prejudice, tradition, which will have to be given up, etc.

A representative of the father, or of the family, a relative; a man visiting the house bringing new and perhaps disturbing influences into it, disturbing domestic happiness; changes in the home, house or family; memories awakened, divulgation of family secrets or private matters; an intruder in the home. A man of doubtful though not necessarily bad character. (From the twelfth house): An investigator, occultist, explorer, sailor, traveller on the high seas, wanderer, a guide through strange experiences, vagrant Bohemian type, stranger and sometimes enemy or some one with whom the querent does not agree and from whom he will be estranged, however earnest his endeavours to keep friendly, because he speaks either morally or physically a foreign tongue. Translation, export, departure, change of residence, emigration, flight, absence, rupture, etc. Transmutation. Disturbing influences and people in general, which need not be bad in itself, and may even cause a revolution in thought. It brings unrest in any case.Paul Foster-Case: Warrior of WandsThe ankh in the triangle symbolizes the union of positive and negative forces, and corresponds to the letter Vau in IHVH. The card represents the influence of the world of ideas upon the astral body, and also the idea of the astral body in the archetypal world.Time periodFrom the beginning of the third decanate of Scorpio to the end of the second decanate of Sagittarius, or from November 13th to December 11th, representing the combined influences of Moon in Scorpio, Jupiter in Sagittarius and Mars in Sagittarius.Well-dignifiedAn active, generous, impetuous, quick-moving man, younger than the King of Wands. Secretive, probably interested in the occult, somewhat psychic and mysterious. Friendly to the Querent, and may bring him news relating to his enterprises.Ill-dignifiedHe will be evil-minded, false, cruel, bigoted, brutal, unfriendly to the Querent and dangerous to his affairs.AppearanceYellow, or yellow-auburn hair. Blue-gray eyes. This key sometimes signifies departure, or change of residence.

Aeon shows it is time to move on. Coming to a resolution about a situation. When you understand where you are, and what you have done, you are able to see the bigger picture.Timing – making predictions 

I have said that this symbol is essentially invariable in all Tarot sets, or at least the variations do not alter its character. The great angel is here encompassed by clouds, but he blows his bannered trumpet, and the cross as usual is displayed on the banner. The dead are rising from their tombs – a woman on the right, a man on the left hand, and between them their child, whose back is turned. But in this card there are more than three who are restored, and it has been thought worth while to make this variation as illustrating the insufficiency of current explanations. It should be noted that all the figures are as one in the wonder, adoration and ecstasy expressed by their attitudes. It is the card which registers the accomplishment of the great work of transformation in answer to the summons of the Supernal – which summons is heard and answered from within.Herein is the intimation of a significance which cannot well be carried further in the present place. What is that within us which does sound a trumpet and all that is lower in our nature rises in response – almost in a moment, almost in the twinkling of an eye? Let the card continue to depict, for those who can see no further, the Last judgment and the resurrection in the natural body; but let those who have inward eyes look and discover therewith. They will understand that it has been called truly in the past a card of eternal life, and for this reason it may be compared with that which passes under the name of Temperance.Symbols on the Rider-Waite Judgment cardShinLVXJudgement divinatory meaningsChange of position, renewal, outcome. Another account specifies total loss through lawsuit.Reversed meaningsWeakness, pusillanimity, simplicity; also deliberation, decision, sentence.Book of Thoth – Aeon Be every Act an Act of Love and Worship.Be every Act the Fiat of a God.Be every Act a Source of radiant Glory.Final decision in respect of the past, new current in respect of the future; always represents the taking of a definite step. Judgment is related to the Hebrew letter Shin, which is fiery and spiritual. A break from the past, going forward.


If Saturn denotes ‘death’ and the grave, what more natural than that his counterpart Jupiter should stand for the resurrection from the grave? While Saturn, Lord of the mineral kingdom, is held to ‘kill’ by his crystallising effect, Jupiter, Lord of the vegetable kingdom and of all that grows and expands and evolves, leading up to sublimation and elevation, abstraction, etc., afterwards, is first the emblem and function of organic life, later on also those of psychic and spiritual life above the material existence, barren and naked, from which it consequently brings deliverance. The latter meaning is chiefly viewed when symbolising this principle in the card of the Last Judgment. “An angel sounds his trumpet per sepulchra regionum and the dead arise.” (W.) Some people say “that it signifies renewal, which is obvious enough…” and “that it is the generative force of the earth and eternal life.” (W.) The latter fairly covers our definition of Jupiter’s function. Again W. further mentions, that it “is the card which registers the accomplishment of the great work of transformation.” Which is also in the line of Jupiter, Io Pater, ‘Our Father that is in the Heavens.’ And every great work needs his co-operation; there is no important or great work done in this world without Jupiter, the planet of ideals playing a prominent rule in it. Ideals, that “are the angel part of us,” as Zanoni tells his disciple. Ideals, religious, social or any other and for the elevating effect they have on man; for ideas and leading motives, aspirations, etc., consequently for generalisation, illumination, dispersion, elevation, for all that is honourable on one hand but also for illusions or vain aspirations on the other hand. It is the sign of deliverance from narrow thought and hampering conditions in the soul as well as in the body and in life.20. Jugement corresponds, through the letter Shin, with the element of Fire. Is probably also related to the planet Pluto, and here it may be noted that in certain relations of Tarot symbolism and combination, this Key is definitely associated with the sign Scorpio, which, some astrologers believe, may be the sign ruled by Pluto.

Four of Cups Luxury means sumptuous living, indulgence in comfort or enjoyment. Archaically, luxury means lust or lechery. Picatrix shows the pursuits of the idle rich. Timing – making predictions The Four of Cups asks if the emotional outreach or roller-coaster of feelings expressed in the Three of Cups is really going to last? Are they what you really want? Were you imagining them? Life seems so easy that you wonder where the problems might come from.

A young man is seated under a tree and contemplates three cups set on the grass before him; an arm issuing from a cloud offers him another cup. His expression notwithstanding is one of discontent with his environment.Weariness, disgust, aversion, imaginary vexations, as if the wine of this world had caused satiety only; another wine, as if a fairy gift, is now offered the wastrel, but he sees no consolation therein. This is also a card of blended pleasure.Additional Meanings: Contrarieties.ReversedNovelty, presage, new instruction, new relations.Additional Meanings: Presentiment.Book of Thoth – LuxuryThe Four of Cups is called Luxury. The masculine nature of fire permits the Four of Wands to appear as a very positive and clear-cut conception. The weakness in the element of water threatens its purity; it is not quite strong enough to control itself properly; so the Lord of Pleasure is a little unstable. Purity has somehow been lost in the process of satisfaction.

The Water of the soul on the Twelfth house, which rules many changes, and adverse influences and, in general, the surroundings so far as they are not yet mastered, and therefore inimical. Indeed this house brings much affliction in matters of the world; materially it is anything but successful and in this respect will certainly bring annoyances, but on the other hand new knowledge of Nature’s wonders is revealed in this house. Discontent with environment, certainly, but at the same time it shows the querent throwing his future on the waters of new adventure, leaving home and family to wander forth towards new experiences, enlarging the horizon of his views. There may be some ailment of the soul, however, in this house and in very weak cases alienation even. Sentiments not reciprocated, nor understood. A feeling of being outside one’s proper environment. There may be encounters with strangers or foreigners, and discoveries, as results of discontent or dissatisfaction with present conditions. So in relation to these conditions it may mean: failing to understand or to appreciate things as they are, estrangement of the world, which may lead to seclusion; secluded feelings.CONCLUSIONDiscontent with present conditions or environment; estrangement, unrest, aversion, troubles, disgust; discord, failing to understand people or to make oneself understood. New discoveries, researches in unknown countries or territories, meeting with strangers. Instability, changes, generally for the worse in a material sense, but having some distant aim. At war with current opinions. Better to keep silent than to talk, because one will certainly be misunderstood. There may be “imaginary vexations.” (W.) Seclusion; alienation.Paul Foster-Case – SurfeitIn the vesica is a diamond, so cut that one face is a square, or 4. It is a symbol of wealth and substance, reminding us that 4 is associated with Beneficence in Qabalah, and is said to be the Sphere of Jupiter.Time periodThe third decanate of Cancer, July 11th to 22nd, under the rulership of Jupiter and Neptune.Well-dignifiedSuccess in material things, but desire for something higher; a period of comparative comfort, yet a little confining; thus the card suggests a degree of satiety; it is a symbol of contemplation, and of the turning away from pleasure in quest for higher things; intimates strong psychic influences.Ill-dignifiedMaterial gain, but through injustice; sorrows resulting from satisfaction of desire; getting what one has wanted, but finding no joy in it.

Work means the exertion or physical effort to achieve something. The materials for working on something. A place of employment.The Three of Disks is the establishment of a new business or project that may have arisen out of the uncertainty of the Two of Pentacles.P icatrix is clearly the inspiration for this card. Timing – making predictions 

A sculptor at his work in a monastery. Compare the design which illustrates the Eight of Pentacles. The apprentice or amateur therein has received his reward and is now at work in earnest.Métier, trade, skilled labour; usually, however, regarded as a card of nobility, aristocracy, renown, glory.Additional Meanings: If for a man, celebrity for his eldest son.Reversed Three of PentaclesMediocrity, in work and otherwise, puerility, pettiness, weakness.Additional Meanings: Depends on neighbouring cards.Book of Thoth – Work – Three of Disks The Three of Pentacles, in a similar manner, exhibits the result of the idea of Earth, of the crystallization of forces; and so the Three of  Pentacles is called the Lord of Work. Something has definitely been done.

On the face of the cube is the symbol of Saturn, for among the Divine Numbers, 3 is called the Sphere of Saturn. Note that here, as in the succeeding numbers, up to and including 9, we are dealing with the spheres of planetary action, not with the planets themselves. The sphere of a person’s activity is in the field in which he works. Similarly, the sphere of a planet’s activity is the field of that planet’s operation. Numerologists, and others accustomed to using other numbers for the planets, should remember that we have very ancient authority for these attributions. See Eliphas Levi’s Dogma and Ritual of Transcendental Magic, Henry Cornelius Agrippa’s Natural Magic, Knorr von Rosenroth’s Kabbala Denudata, and other standard works on occultism. In the Knapp Tarot the evil hexagram, with the black triangle upward, is part of the symbolism, but it does not agree with the meanings of the card.Time periodThe second decanate of Capricorn, under the rulership of Venus, from January 1st to 10th.Well-dignifiedConstruction; increase, growth; financial gain; the building up of favorable conditions; gain in commercial transactions; rank or prestige in vocation or business; beginning of matters to be perfected later.Ill-dignified selfishness; cleverness in business, but lack of scruples; narrow and prejudiced; too much ambition.

The Fire on the Seventh house, which rules the contact of the Self and the Not-self, the relations between both, the executive ability in man. So this must lead to the idea of well-doing and noble demeanour, owing to the Sun and Venus again. Compare horoscopes with the Sun and Venus in VII. Well-conducted relations denote civilisation, aristocracy, and the proper expression of one’s relation to the world in his occupation, his m?tier, as W. has it; profession, marriage and employment. So this card has to do with ‘workmanship,’ which is well expressed by the drawing of the card in the set of W.

Two of CupsA youth and maiden are pledging one another, and above their cups rises the Caduceus of Hermes, between the great wings of which there appears a lion’s head. It is a variant of a sign which is found in a few old examples of this card. Some curious emblematical meanings are attached to it, but they do not concern us in this place.Love, passion, friendship, affinity, union, concord, sympathy, the interrelation of the sexes, and — as a suggestion apart from all offices of divination — that desire which is not in Nature, but by which Nature is sanctified.Additional Meanings: Favourable in things of pleasure and business, as well as love; also wealth and honour.Additional Meanings: Passion. Book of ThothThe Two of Cups is the Lord of Love, which performs a similar office for water.The Two of Cups is a great indicator of love and happiness.

The Water of the soul on the house of Capricorn, the Tenth house of the act, the deed, manifestation. The two souls find each other here in an act, which of course must be that of meeting in the body. Soul-union, ending in bodily attraction. So the traditional rendering appears once more to be fairly correct. It is the outcome of idealism, indicated by the ace, shared by two souls. It is anyhow not the sex-element as a curse, but as a blessing in practical life. The card may further denote any sort of friendly act and sympathetic encounter. We should say, as regards ‘love,’ it is to be rather defined as love-making, courting.

In the vesica the Eye of Horus surmounts a sharp-pointed upright triangle. Both Eye and triangle are masculine emblems, corresponding to the Qabalistic notions of Wisdom (the All-seeing Eye) and masculine force associated with the number 2, which is called AB the FATHER in Qabalah. Two circles concentric to each other are behind the cups, suggesting harmony.Time periodThe first decanate of Cancer, June 21st to 30th, ruled by the Moon.Well-dignifiedReciprocity, reflection; gain and benefit through parents; favors from opposite sex; changes of residence.Ill-dignifiedReverses and losses through parents or the opposite sex; unfortunate changes of residence; fluctuations of mood; unwise decisions.

Peace means the normal state  of harmony between countries or people. Freedom to do whatever one wants, a state of tranquility or serenity.The Two of Swords show attempts to reconcile difference. This can be a desire to return to a previous partner or relationship after a period of separation. You may be trying to reconcile new thoughts and ideas, hoping you can assimilate them into the present situation with little or no effort, and so that nothing really changes. Either way, you will find that you can not unmake an omelette. In fact it is better to create something new, rather than return to the status quo, as you have changed, and that change has to be recognised. The rules have changed – you will do things differently.

A hoodwinked female figure balances two swords upon her shoulders.Conformity, and the equipoise which it suggests, courage, friendship, concord in a state of arms; another reading gives tenderness, affection, intimacy. The suggestion of harmony and other favourable readings must be considered in a qualified manner, as Swords generally are not symbolical of beneficent force in human affairs.Additional Meanings: Gifts for a lady, influential protection for a man in search of help.ReversedImposture, falsehood, duplicity, disloyalty.Additional Meanings: Dealings with rogues.Book of Thoth – Peace The Two of Swords was formerly called the Lord of Peace Restored; but this word “restored” is incorrect, because there has been no disturbance. The Lord of Peace is therefore a better title: but it needs thinking hard to work this out, since the Sword is so intensely active. It may be helpful to study the Essay on Silence (p. 120) for a parallel: the Negative Form of the Positive Idea. See also the Essay on Chastity (Little Essays toward Truth, pp. 70-74) which concludes: Sir Knights, be vigilant: watch by your arms and renew your oath; for that day is of sinister augury and deadly charged with danger which ye fill not to overflowing with gay deeds and bold of masterful, of manful Chastity.

Here also the symbolism is better when the points of the swords point upward. The combination of the trumpet with the ankh suggests the announcement of something. It is a symbol of balanced force, but the balance is like that of a dead center. At the moment no action is possible.Time periodThe first decanate of Libra, under the rulership of Venus, from September 23rd to October 2.MeaningsContradictory characters in the same nature: strength through suffering; pleasure after pain. Delay in the realization of objectives. It intimates a period of uncertainty, in which the Querent, through he has a sense of adequate power, does not know just what to do with it. Justice, unselfishness, and the restoration of peace.Ill-dignifiedFalsehood, sorrow; injury from another who means the Querent well, or injury by the Querent to another in the same way. It is always a symbol of tension, of want of tact, and suggests power held in abeyance, awaiting some announcement or revelation that makes decision possible.KeywordIndecision.

By virtue of the Venusian qualities of the Taurus-house, this Saturnian and Martian element, as will easily be understood, leads up to the magnetic affinity of the sexes, consequently to intimacy, attraction, affection, etc. But the idea of ‘friendship’ is different and not in this card. It denotes also artistic appreciation, founded on the perfect functioning of the senses. Taste for art will be born from this and an exact knowledge of prices and values. It is the card which means quality and essential virtue. Therefore it has been rendered as ‘falsehood,’ etc., when reversed, i.e. when the innate virtue is wanting. Now in weak cases this card will certainly denote sensuality and lazy luxurious habits, which will be found accompanied in many instances by the desire for money. For the rest we see in such cases the possibility of stupid resistance, dullness, cruelty, relentless opposition and recreation, passive obstruction, perhaps silent, unforgiving hatred. But in another respect it means the will to cultivate the soil, in the literal as well as in the figurative sense.CONCLUSIONLatent force, magnetism, the principle of art, artistic appreciation; quality, virtue; magnetic attraction, affinity, intimacy, affection, that force which binds by the reduction of the senses; in weak cases sensuality, laziness, dullness. When badly aspected cruelty, unforgiving hatred, passive obstruction, etc. 

The figure leans upon his staff and has an expectant look, as if awaiting an enemy. Behind are eight other staves – erect, in orderly disposition, like a palisade.The card signifies strength in opposition. If attacked, the person will meet an onslaught boldly; and his build shews that he may prove a formidable antagonist. With this main significance there are all its possible adjuncts — delay, suspension, adjournment.Additional meanings: Generally speaking, a bad card.ReversedObstacles, adversity, calamity.Book of Thoth – StrengthThe Nine of Wands is called Strength. It is ruled by the Moon and Yesod. In “The Vision and the Voice”, the eleventh Aethyr gives a classical account of the resolution of this antinomy of Change and Stability. The student should also consult the works of any of the better mathematical physicists. Of all important doctrines concerning equilibrium, this is the easiest to understand, that change is stability; that stability is guaranteed by change; that if anything should stop changing for the fraction of a split second, it would go to pieces. It is the intense energy of the primal elements of Nature, call them electrons, atoms, anything you will, it makes no difference; change guarantees the order of Nature. This is why, in learning to ride a bicycle, one falls in an extremely awkward and ridiculous manner. Balance is made difficult by not going fast enough. So also, one cannot draw a straight line if one’s hand shakes. This card is a sort of elementary parable to illustrate the meaning of this aphorism: “Change is Stability.” A card of optimism – things are improving, at least there is going to be change.

The element of Air on the Ninth house, which is opposite to that in which the particular accent of the suit of wands lies: Gemini, the third. This opposition evidently has been the chief motive for the qualifications given in respect of this card in the past. There is a good deal in it, but not everything. Of course, if the third house is the typical expression of the ‘message,’ the Sagittarian is the type of the man “who is always in the opposition,” but he is more. He is also… himself. This card seems to be queerly veiled. It is at least strange to find only malific expressions of the co-ordination of the element Air and the principle of mind with the house of Sagittarius, the thinker. This looks as if the patrons of the Tarot system did not think it wise to tell much about this sign of the prophets to the fortune-telling gypsies. How this may be does not concern. us any further. Evidently the card must have to do with prophecy, fortune-telling, teaching, conducting, guiding and the persons of guides, teachers, masters; it must give the notion of travelling and far-reaching schemes, the faculty of speaking foreign languages and of writing, but it is true, that the persons indicated by this card find their “strength in opposition ” — as W. has it — and very often therefore are in search of some convenient opponent or opposing force. It means intellectual chasing, sport, hunting, journalism and the raising of spirits, that are not easily to be got rid of afterwards. The latter fact accounts for all that has been said about obstacles, etc.CONCLUSION Teaching, instruction, guidance, teachers, masters, guides. Planning, travelling, sport; journalism, editors and journalists, public lecturers, orators; prophecy and predicting. On the other hand there may be unruliness, waywardness and unpractical idealism. It is certain that, where this card appears, much controversy, contradiction, antagonism, mental strife, etc., will be aroused, sometimes more than would appear necessary. There is also in it extension of thought, spreading of news, rumours, preaching, excitement of the people and revolution.Paul Foster-Case: Nine of Wands – PreparednessA pillar in the triangle suggests support, and thus harmonizes with 9, called Foundation or Bias in Qabalah.Time periodSecond decanate of Sagittarius, December 2nd to December 11th, under rulership of Mars. It suggests originality, independence and daring.MeaningsStrength in reserve, health after illness, success, but attended by some strife.Ill-dignified. Danger of violence in foreign places, or on or through the course of long journeys; difficulties with the relatives of the marriage partner; conflict with persons prominent in religion or law; obstinacy.

Knight of Swords. He is riding in full course, as if scattering his enemies. In the design he is really a prototypical hero of romantic chivalry. He might almost be Galahad, whose sword is swift and sure because he is clean of heart.Skill, bravery, capacity, defence, address, enmity, wrath, war, destruction, opposition, resistance, ruin. There is therefore a sense in which the card signifies death, but it carries this meaning only in its proximity to other cards of fatality.Additional Meanings: A soldier, man of arms, satellite, stipendiary; heroic action predicted for soldier.ReversedImprudence, incapacity, extravagance.Additional Meanings: Dispute with an imbecile person; for a woman, struggle with a rival, who will be conquered.Book of ThothA person thus symbolized is purely intellectual. He is full of ideas and designs which tumble over each other. He is a mass of fine ideals unrelated to practical effort. He has all the apparatus of Thought in the highest degree, intensely clever, admirably rational, but unstable of purpose, and in reality indifferent even to his own ideas, as knowing that any one of them is just as good as any other. He reduces everything to unreality by removing its substance and transmuting it to an ideal world of ratiocination which is purely formal and out of relation to any facts, even those upon which it is based. A military man.

A military man, officer, master of the sword, master of fencing, warrior. Dispute, war, duel, combat, attack as well as defence; opposition, destruction, ruin, hatred, etc. Also skill, bravery, capacity. Reversed: Incapacity, imprudence, extravagance, foolishness, impertinence, stupidity, industry, crooked tricks.THEORYFinally this element on the Fourth and on the Twelfth houses. On account of the former we find of course the armed man under the rule of the Emperor, the military man, soldier, etc., but rather the professional, formerly the hired, troops than the militia, which will rather fall under the same house as the police, and be indicated by the page of swords. Another significance of this card is that of painful memories, suffering by ancient wrongs. In fact war is in all cases, be it private or collective, the phenomenon of the outbreak of some ancient wrong or evil — the wrong of oppression on one side or the evil of desire, rapacity, overflowing force, etc., on the other. So the Knight of swords must bear the significance of the bearer of weapons, which avenge wrongs or serve attacks. The fourth house calls the home and the family, the father in particular, and the card may well denote something in the nature of avenging family feuds or the honour of the father or the family. Badly aspected it may mean opposition against the power of the father or the Emperor, revolution, which is quite in the line of the grumbling and malcontent nature of the Cancerian of the lower type. It is, however, to be expected that such opposition will be very much hidden, dark, in the background, not open nor very loyal. On account of its relation with the twelfth house this card may also mean a surgeon and operations performed by him, and, in lower types or weaker cases, fraud and destruction of organisms, whatever these may be. It may further relate here to all sorts of bad passions and to degrees of hatred, incapacity, etc.CONCLUSIONMilitary man, man of arms, one avenging family or other feuds or wrongs; wrongs avenging themselves; painful memories, distress in the family, afflictions deriving from past events. A surgeon, operation done by same; the knife in old sore. In badly aspected cases hatred, destruction, extravagance, spilling, revolt, insurrection, war, combat, fraud, impertinence, imprudence, etc.






